address some remaining text issues (#12)
dib-lab/2020-workflows-paper: content/05.project-management.md

## Workflow-Based Project Management

> Computational project management is foundational to any research project, but is a learned skill that takes time to implement.
> The umbrella term project management refers to the strategies and decisions used to keep a project organized, documented, functional, and shareable. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Project management, including the strategies and decisions used to keep a project organized, documented, functional, and shareable, is foundational to any research program.
Clear organization and management is a learned skill that takes time to implement.
```
